plot_correlated: add option to not downsample the channel data (#634)
lumicks/pylake: changelog.md

## v1.5.0 | t.b.d.

#### New features

* Added support for loading two-color `TIF` files with [`ImageStack`](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_api/lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.html#lumicks.pylake.ImageStack).

> * Allow making correlated plots ([`ImageStack.plot_correlated()`](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_api/lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.html#lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.plot_correlated)) and videos [`ImageStack.export_video()`](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_api/lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.html#lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.export_video) of correlated plots without downsampling the time channel data to the frame timestamps by passing the argument `downsample_channel=False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added option to disable downsampling channel data to frame rates with correlated plots ([`ImageStack.plot_correlated()`](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_api/lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.html#lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.plot_correlated), [`Scan.plot_correlated()`](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_api/lumicks.pylake.Scan.html#lumicks.pylake.Scan.plot_correlated)) and exported videos ([`ImageStack.export_video()`](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_api/lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.html#lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.export_video), [`Scan.export_video()`](https://lumicks-pylake.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_api/lumicks.pylake.Scan.html#lumicks.pylake.Scan.export_video)) using `downsample_channel=False`.
```
